hey guys so today I want to check out
lego marvel here on the iPhone 5 so I
already checked it out on a 5s so one it
also check it out here a little bit on a
DM i phone 5 here so it's this new Lego
game
so y'all this little dude here and you
can also change him to both that's very
nice yeah you can change the character
up here to this big fat guy this guy can
actually throw stuff
oh okay
wait it's pretty powerful this superhero
here ball rage
oh that's rage
rescue see this game cleary once great
here also on the iPhone 5 so that could
definitely be a good little thing there
to know
so when yeah just quickly look here
because you have a lot of other cool
dudes inside of this game and it
definitely might want check out so well
yeah quick look here